Fix separate dashboard (#2136)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/access-dashboard.md

### Access independently deployed TiDB Dashboard

> To access an independently deployed TiDB Dashboard, you need to use TiDB Operator v1.4.0 (or later versions) and the TiDB cluster v6.5.0 (or later versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access an independently deployed TiDB Dashboard, you need to use TiDB Operator v1.4.0 (or later versions) and the TiDB cluster v4.0.1 (or later versions).
```
